---
layout: post
title: "I Solved the Schrodinger’s Cat Paradox, I Think I Broke Reality"
author: "Ethan Zhang"
categories: writing
tags: [writing-work]
image: schrocat.png
---

<html>
  <head>
    <title>I Solved the Schrodinger’s Cat Paradox, I Think I Broke Reality</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>I Solved the Schrodinger’s Cat Paradox on a macroscopic scale. The fact is that it is simply the up-until-now unprovable statement that multiple states of an object can exist simultaneously, and that objects in space and time are quantumly entangled by a single wave function. I know that probably sounds like nonsense to the average mind, but simply put, objects can exist in multiple forms simultaneously and we have no way of proving it…until now. So, how did I come to prove the Multiple Worlds theory? This is just Schrodinger’s Cat but more professionally. I guess I should start at the beginning.</p>
    <p>	My name is completely irrelevant, for those who are curious enough to try and find me. However, I was part of a project initiated by the U.S. Department of Defense to find a way to prove the Multiple Worlds Theory as a way to find new sources of energy and weapons. It took years to find a formula that both worked and was stable- the cost was through the roof, but eventually, it worked. We had a formula that could potentially transcend reality. Now, what was this odd substance? It was a hyper-accelerated mix of Hydrogen, Carbon, Neon, Oxygen, and Nitrogen. The whole concept was that upon injection, there is a chance that Hydrogen mixes with Carbon and Nitrogen to form HCN- Hydrogen Cyanide that kills you. The remaining chance is that the Neon or Oxygen picks up the Carbon or Nitrogen, creating harmless mixtures. However, this would force the creation of situation 1 or situation 2. In order to be in both states, we created a mini particle accelerator that would attach to the apparatus and put everything into both states.</p>
    <p>	I personally oversaw many of the tests, but I knew they all failed, and I knew this because reality still made sense and didn’t break down as it would later on. When I finally developed the new serum, I said I would test it first to ensure it worked, before testing it on other subjects. My team was skeptical, but I insisted. I wish I hadn’t. </p>
    <p>As soon as I inhaled, reality blurred as I became quantumly entangled with the particles in the tube. I watched everything fade in and out, fall into two separate worlds. I watched my team be both amazed and worried as different versions of me simultaneously fall to the floor, foaming at the mouth as the Cyanide took hold, and I also watch myself transcend reality as time crawled at a painfully slow pace. When the dust settled, I saw everything in several ways. I had just made everything in the room quantumly entangled.</p>
    <p>“What have I done…”</p>
    <p>	“You did it, sir! You did it! You survived! What can you see?” My colleagues surrounded me with curiosity and a few were worried. Yet I saw other versions of them crying over my dead body as other versions of each one stood and began to stare right at me- the “ghost me” that was in the room. And they smiled. They grinned ear to ear as their eyes and bodies slowly faded to black and they walked out of the room in unison. My worried colleagues looked at my shocked expression and rushed me to sit down as one side faded to black and everything took on a black-and-white tint. I told my colleagues everything, yet they didn’t believe me. They said the graphs still read me as only in the 4th dimension, not the other dimensions. That is where our instruments are wrong and how all of physics was just proved wrong. Thing is, I was still in the 4th dimension, it was just that I was in multiple versions of the four dimensions simultaneously. I told my colleagues that I needed the day off, and upon walking out, I was greeted by a world of horrors.</p>
    <p>	The sky was simultaneously a crystal blue and an abyssal black. Cars drove around as alternate versions were thrown around and trashed by demonic entities that I cannot explain here for my sanity’s sake. They towered and ruled the skies eyeing me as the ones on the ground ran at me, only to go through me. I ran into people in “my reality” as I tried to dodge the demonic entities. Both worlds seemed to hate me, one more than the other. When I got home, I realized that a lot more had changed than just the outside world. </p>
    <p>	As I made food for myself, I began to see the mold and the spoils that it would have in the other world. I began to see the food as on the table and simultaneously absent. I stood there gawking at my predicament. I began to slowly eat as my parallel body sat there, following my motion eating nothing but air as there was another ghost of me that was omnipresent in the room. As the ghost of me looked around, I felt another entity enter the room, but could not see it. </p>
    <p>	“Ghost, I know you can hear me. I am one of the demons that walks a planet parallel to yours. I have come to make you a proposal.”</p>
    <p>	“And what is that proposal?” My voice permeated and dispersed across the room as the demon seemed surprised.</p>
    <p>	“Ah, so you can speak. My proposal is that you let us into your world, and we let you rule over your kind. You will control every single human being on the planet the instant that we arrive.” It was a grand offer, one that many would be unable to turn down, yet some primal instinct told me that there was something off about the proposal, as if the demons may not keep their end of the bargain.</p>
    <p>“And how do I know that you will uphold your end?” I cautiously asked as the demon snarled and lunged at me, passing straight through me, and across to the other side of the floor, glaring at me.</p>
    <p>	“We will one day enter your world. Look around you. These worlds have been ravaged by my kind, and your home is not safe. You have been cursed with the sight of alternate dimensions, do with it as you please.” The demon stared at me, his eyes glowing red as he slowly disintegrated into dust, leaving me there alone. I ran out of the house and onto the streets as demons stared at me as I stared back at the carnage they had wreaked. Their black faces were stained with crimson as they paused their feast on the corpses of long-dead civilians and soldiers. I closed my eyes and kept walking, a tear forming in my eyes. I didn’t even know where I was heading when a voice called out from behind me. </p>
    <p>	“Hey!” A woman with long black hair and brown eyes walked up to me. Yet there was something off about her. She was there in every world and she seemed to know it.</p>
    <p>	“You can see it too can’t you? You’re a seer, but there’s something different about it.”</p>
    <p>“Yes, I suppose I am a seer. But I think I know how it happened.”</p>
    <p>“You’re only here in a few dimensions. How did you die in an alternate dimension?”</p>
    <p>	“I proved the multiple worlds theory on a macroscopic scale. I used a mix of hyper-accelerated particles and well- half of the time it killed me.”</p>
    <p>“Oh shit. That’s why the demons showed up. Good job dumbass. Regardless, we gotta go, I’ll show you the fallout shelter.” The woman grabbed my hand as we took off down the street. People stared at me, and I knew some of them as my former colleagues and knew they would report me, but I didn’t care. I knew I had someone with me now. We ran through the streets until we reached a sleek white jeep. In the world with my colleagues, it was an ordinary jeep, but in the apocalyptic world, it was loaded with rifle cases and boxes of ammunition. She clearly had been stocking up for a while. She noticed my gaze on her cases.</p>
    <p>	“Into guns? You’ll have your pick at the end of the day…if you live that long.” She smirked, handing me a pistol as she jumped into the jeep. The engine started as we drove down the road into the open desert. In the desert, we came across the hideout that she mentioned before. There was a large steel door with a simple keypad off to the side, covered by a camouflage cloth that hid it amongst the terrain. She punched in a code as the giant doors creaked open, revealing a dimly lit hallway. We stepped inside as the doors slid shut behind us, casting out the outside world.  that stretched into what seemed to be an endless cavern.</p>
    <p>The woman smirked and drove into the hall.</p>
    <p>	“Welcome to my hideout. It’s an old-ass military base that was abandoned a long long time ago.” Her voice echoed across the expansive corridor as she stopped before a door and got out to open it. Inside was an extensive armory, bristling with cases of ammunition, pistols, and military-grade rifles. The woman put away her gear and picked up a set of armaments and strapped them on.</p>
    <p>“Do you really need that right now?” </p>
    <p>“Well, I don't want to die, so yes.” The woman handed me a pistol and whispered in my ear.</p>
    <p>	“I like you, so I don’t want you to die either. Oh, and don’t you dare betray me, I will kill you in an instant.” She pulled away as she tied her black hair into a neat ponytail. Her smirk was seductive as I relaxed and followed her deeper into the hallway. At the end of the hall were two doors; on the left was a dining hall, while on the right was a sleeping quarter. </p>
    <p>	“Hungry or thirsty?” </p>
    <p>“Nah.”</p>
    <p>“Or perhaps you’re thirsty for something else?” She smiled seductively and winked as she entered the dining hall, opening a cabinet and pulling out the same thing in every world. She knows this place so well in every world. I followed her in as we made the food and ate it in silence, with the occasional chatter that echoed across the different worlds that we were both in. She told me about how she was talking to empty space in some desolate worlds where there were two plates of food for no reason. She noted how odd it must’ve looked to anyone who would have seen her- that is- if there was anyone left to see her in the underground shelter. </p>
    <p>	Night fell as the woman directed me to the showers and changing room. I still didn’t know her name. Before entering I turned to her.</p>
    <p>“I’m realizing I don’t know your name. Would you mind telling me?”</p>
    <p>“Names have no true meaning, but they hold more power than you think. For that reason, I will remain anonymous. But you can call me Ire.”</p>
    <p>	“Oh- umm… alright. A pleasure to meet you, Ire.” I reached out and she shook my hand as I turned to take a shower. The cold water splashed and slid down my chest, simultaneously soaking my hair. Every drop managed to reach every part of my body. It felt like I was swimming, but able to breathe. I washed and stepped out, drying myself and changing as Ire walked in.</p>
    <p>“All done?”</p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Ire smirked at me and started to take off her clothes.</p>
    <p>“Woah there, didn’t know we were that friendly.”</p>
    <p>	“Well, now you do.” Ire pressed into me as she pressed her hand into the side of my face, stroking me and playing with my hair as the water splashed everywhere and nowhere all at once. She leaned in for a kiss as we were interrupted by an alarm that blared louder than the screams that echoed in the back of my head telling me to ignore the alarm. Ire picked up her tablet and looked at it. I saw the demon that had spoken to me in my apartment. He smiled as he looked straight into the camera.</p>
    <p>“The beings are outside, get ready, it’ll be your first gunfight right?” Ire put on her clothes and tied her hair, handing me my pistol in her free hand. I silently took the pistol and nodded. I slid the magazine into place and chambered the first round. It felt odd in my hand, but it was comfortable and warm. </p>
    <p>We ran out to the front as Ire checked the cameras facing the front. Six shadowy figures stood in the front as Ire opened the door, putting her tablet down and raising her rifle. The door hadn’t even hit the floor before Ire charged out, a light shining from her rifle. Immediately, I could tell it wasn’t an ordinary rifle. The shadows began to dissipate as I stood there, shocked at Ire’s deft use of her weapon. As quickly as it had begun, The demons scattered into the wind, howling as they recounted their losses. There was no doubting it: Ire was a badass.</p>
    <p>Ire stood down and put her rifle on her back. She smirked at me as she walked back towards the base, taunting me in a way. I followed her, stunned by how quickly she handled the entities. I made a mental note to myself to ask her to train me. Ire was even more stunning under the dim light of the hallways as her ponytail swished in the air. I walked, blushing at how Ire was so pretty and confident. She turned back and I averted my gaze as she laughed.</p>
    <p>“Awww, someone got a little crush? Sweetheart, we’ll have time for that later.” Ire smirked deviously at me as she continued to walk towards the mess hall to get a quick bite. The meal was the same cold food that had nourished us when I first entered. We ate as we talked about our lives, getting to know one another. The monotony of both our lives reared its head when we finished and made our way back to the showers.</p>
    <p>“Wanna finish what we started?” Ire smirked at me as she wrapped her arms behind my neck and pulled me in for a kiss. A million hours faded in and out as I relived it in every dimension. She turned on her heels and left, as I stared after her in shock and disbelief, the distance between us growing. I shook myself and followed after, smiling and chuckling. I followed her into the showers as steam permeated the room. The heat bordered on unbearable as it burned. It felt like every inch of my body was covered in itching and excruciating burns. Despite this, I felt more alive than ever as I faintly saw the silhouette of Ire in the far corner of the shower. I strode over to her and wrapped my arms around her, catching her off-guard.</p>
    <p>“Hey!” Ire laughed a charming and seductive laugh as she turned around and grabbed me, pinning me against the wall. My vision swam as I stared into her eyes. </p>
    <p>“Easy there, you blushing because of the heat or something else?” Ire put me over her shoulder and carried me out to the cold air. </p>
    <p>“Stay here and let me shower would you?” Ire disappeared into the fog once more, her silhouette fading into the smoky steam. I stood outside the door, catching my breath as I waited for Ire to finish showering. Ire finally stepped out wrapped in a clean towel with her hair tied up in a bun. She sighed as she saw me, wrapped only in a towel.</p>
    <p>“You really couldn’t wait could you.”</p>
    <p>“Nope.” Ire laughed at my blunt response and took my hand. We walked through the halls as we moved towards the sleeping quarters. The bunk beds were neatly made, yet every one had a thick layer of dust; all, except for two. I climbed into one as Ire climbed on top of me, wrapping her legs around me as she pinned me against the cool sheets of the bed. I never felt so simultaneously helpless and aroused. I was ready to submit to her every whim—I didn’t have much of a choice considering I was in no position to vie for power. She kissed me as the heat undid her towel, letting it slowly fall on top of me. </p>
    <p>Ire moved the towel, and splayed herself on top of me, letting out an ecstatic noise as she rose again. I closed my eyes as I kissed her and our bodies wrapped and twisted, enveloping one another in all feasible worlds. I opened my eyes as Ire slowed down and her breathing began to ease. I gently rolled her onto her side as the worlds began to fade. </p>
    <p>I woke up to silence. Ire slept soundly beside me as her disheveled hair covered her face. As she awoke, we began to feel the presence of something else in the compound with us. Ire slipped on her clothes as I did the same. We silently loaded our weapons as Ire put something I did not have the chance to see into her pocket. She seemed distraught as if she knew what was to come. She handed me my pistol as she avoided my gaze.</p>
    <p>“Ire, what’s wrong?” </p>
    <p>“Nothing, but something feels off, we should go investigate. Stay close.”</p>
    <p>The air in the hallways was unusually still, an odd statement, yet it still made the hairs on my neck stand. I knew something was off, even though nothing seemed out of place. Ire also took note as she tightened her grip on her holster and slowed her pace as we moved room by room into the mess hall, where a demon awaited us. Ire raised her rifle as the demon began to laugh.</p>
    <p>“Oh, please, put the toys down. I’m here to make you an offer.” </p>
    <p>“And what would that be?” Ire inquired as her finger moved off the trigger. The demon waved his hand as the rifle melted to dust. 	</p>
    <p>	“I’m offering you the same offer my kin made to him.” It pointed a finger at me with an accusation I couldn’t seem to place. “I am offering you guys complete reign over your worlds, whichever one you choose. In exchange for that power, you must let us take the remainder of the worlds and realities.” Ire snorted as she heard the offer.</p>
    <p>“Liar.” she growled. She pulled out a little box from her pocket and opened it as a note fluttered to the ground, revealing an intricate contraption. She pushed a button in the center of the contraption as reality began to shift. Time slowed, and the particles in me began to slow. The effects of particle acceleration were subsiding. She slid me my pistol as she unholstered her own, all while the demon shouted and ran towards her. </p>
    <p>	“I’ll find you…one day…” Ire smiled at me as a lone tear slid down her cheek. The world went dark as infinities rolled in and out. I sat in darkness for eternity as I could merely wonder what had happened to Ire. </p>
    <p>	I woke up to bright white lights shining straight into my eyes. I looked around and realized I was in a hospital. In my reality, a group of rambunctious teenagers had found their way into what was Ire and I’s hideout. They called for help upon seeing my body laying slumped against the wall. Or at least, that’s what I was told. I don’t entirely believe this since there were three items in my pocket: two notes and a pistol. I unfolded the first note and began to read. Ire’s handwriting was pristine and clear.</p>
    <p><i>To the seer who befell me,</i></p>
    <p><i>If you find this note, you are safe in your reality. My reality has likely fallen and I am likely dead, or worse. I wanted to thank you for finding me when I thought nobody was there for me. In the short time I’ve known you- a mere day and a half, you have inspired me to fight on in all worlds in which I remain.  That includes your world or our world, I don’t know how this whole seer thing works when there are two of us. Anyways, know that wherever we are, no matter what world, I will come back and find you. The only way the demons get in is if we open the gateways for them. Under no circumstances are you allowed to do this, for the sake of everyone. Please, come find me sometime. I know that you never will though. This letter is proof enough, since the device I used, collapses all worlds and keeps them from ever interacting, which means I will never see you again. I still beg you not to let the demons in. don’t give in. Long live humanity.</i></p>
    <p><i>-Irene “Ire” Lockhart</i></p>
    <p>	Reading Ire’s note, I broke down, deep down, I knew that she wasn’t in my world. She had been ripped from my reality, and somewhere sometime, Ire was alone and scared. For all I knew, She could be in the god-forsaken place I spent eternities in waiting to come back to a reality. Yet, I knew somehow, it was all lies. I knew I would never find her. I would never again be able to accelerate all of the particles in my body to transcend the borders of reality. I uncrumpled the partially charred, and blackened sheet of paper that was the second note. It was written in blood, and my heart sank.</p>
    <p><i>To the one who dared tamper with forces he failed to comprehend,</i></p>
    <p><i>	You tampered with reality and you will pay the price. Your world will collapse, and you must know it. You may not see to its destruction, but you know your time is up, as is your lover- Ire was it? All I need to say is that this note is written in her blood. This will happen in every world I find you in if you refuse our offer. It will happen over and over, as we drain her blood and use it as ink specifically for our letters to you. That is your condemnation if you refuse our offer. With that, I leave you with your decision. Are you going to save Ire, or save yourself?</i></p>
    <p><i>-You know what</i></p>
    <p>	The letter confirmed my fears and suspicions. I knew I would never see her again, and I thought it better to save her than me. I imagined how angry she would be, shouting how it was supposed to be her and how she was supposed to end the cycle of destruction, but I couldn’t bring myself to end her to protect myself. It was too selfish, quite paradoxical, or hypocritical with what I am about to do. But anyhow, that concludes the summary of what led to this point in time. I know this account has been hard to take in, but I want to end with something- an apology. Shortly, the pistol that’s been with me throughout the whole journey will be used one last time. I see so many different ways that the world could end and so many possibilities of how it doesn’t end. Yet in an act of selfishness, I will unleash great horrors upon this world. More horrors than one could ever conceive. So, if you ever get the chance to prove the Multiple Worlds Theory, don’t do it. The reality is much worse than you think. Goodbye, and may this account help you save your world. <i>I’m sorry.</i></p>
    <p>---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</p>
    <p><b>Automated PSA to U.N. Security Forces (4/04/[redacted]):</p>
    <p>Commencement of Operation Fallen Angel. </p>
    <p>Project Darkworld has failed.</b></p>
    <p>To all U.N. Security Personnel:
</p>
    <p>	This is an automated message issued in the case of failure or breach of a Security Level 9 operation known as Project Darkworld. We have come across an issue of a reality breach, and are calling upon you all to spearhead the containment. If you find the body of Head Researcher [redacted] leave the vicinity immediately or terminate yourself, he is the portal which these beings pass through. If you see beings made of shadows roaming the streets, the most effective form of termination is through the use of intense lasers such as the [redacted] rifle. The U.N. Paranormal Task Force will be working in tandem with you all to contain the breach and terminate the beings. All U.N. Security Forces are required to report to the nearest U.N.P.T.F. center or local HQ. Locations sit with the presiding Director of your region and will be distributed in due time. Best of luck soldiers, and godspeed.</p>
    <p>U.N.P.T.F Commander [redacted], 404th Legion - The Error Erasers</p>

  </body>
</html>